---
title: Privacy Policy
description: With what care does this site handles personal data of its users and
  visitors?
locales: []
draft: false
order: 2
layout: privacy_policy
uuid: b282fe27-5cd7-4315-9a27-45e1f5de0f70
liquid: false
usuaries:
- 616
last_modified_at: 2023-07-27 00:16:42.457389315 +00:00
---

<blockquote>
<p>We use "them" as neutral pronoun to refer to people regardless of
gender identity.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>This document details Sutty's privacy policy, including web site,
platform, other infrastructure (support channels, etc.) and web sites
generated by users.</p>
<h2>This is too long!</h2>
<ul>
<li>
<p>Sutty doesn't collect any kind of personal data.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p>Sutty may only collect statistical data that doesn't identify
individuals.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<h2>Analytic data</h2>
<p>Sutty may only collect data for analytics (number of visits, duration,
etc.), not associated to personal data.</p>
<p>Analytical data collected for every web site can only be used internally
by Sutty.  Sutty doesn't share any data privately with any third
parties.  Selected analytical data could be used publicly.</p>
<p>Sutty doesn't recommend personal data collection in any way, but it
doesn't monitor if its users use third party services with their own
privacy policies.  We recommend users and visitors to inform themselves
before using third parties analytics services.</p>
<h2>No personal data collection</h2>
<p>Sutty doesn't collect IP addresses from users nor visitors in any way.</p>
<p>Sutty doesn't ask for personal data for registering user accounts in its
platform.</p>
<p>Sutty only uses session "cookies" to identify users during their use of
the platform.  It doesn't use "cookies" to identify visitors of web
sites hosted by Sutty.</p>
<p>The only exception where Sutty could collect personal data is during
service payment.  Digital safety measures will be taken to keep this
information and to discard it if possible after needed.</p>
<p>Users will be notified when their personal data is removed.</p>
<p>If users decide to host their web sites with third parties, they must
inform themselves about the corresponding privacy policies.  Sutty only
recommends third parties with privacy policies compatible with these.</p>